A Leading CSU | California State University, Fullerton
Skip to Content (Press Enter)
The Arts
Business and Economics
Engineering and Computer Science
Health and Human Development
Humanities and Social Sciences
Natural Sciences and Mathematics
Extension and International Programs
Irvine Center
Grand Central Art Center
Fullerton Arboretum
Garden Grove Center
Tucker Wildlife Sanctuary
Emergency Info
IT Update
A-Z Index
Academic Advisement
Academic Affairs
Admissions and Records
Associated Students, Inc.
Campus Dining
Career Center
Class Search
Daily Titan
Financial Aid
Housing and Residence Life
Human Resources
Information Technology
Winter Session
Pollak Library
Student Affairs
Student Financial Services
Summer Sessions
Veterans Resource Center
Search:  
Search
CSUF Web
    
CSUF People
California State University, Fullerton
 
Colleges and Departments
The Arts
Business and Economics
Engineering and Computer Science
Health and Human Development
Humanities and Social Sciences
Natural Sciences and Mathematics
Extension and International Programs
Academic Calendar
About CSUF
Mission and Goals
Facts and Figures
Strategic Plan
Academic Master Plan
Diversity and Inclusion
Careers at CSUF
Titans Reach Higher
Pollak Library
Titan Athletics
Visit the Campus
Giving to CSUF
Faculty & Staff
Future Students
Parents & Families
Friends & Partners
News Media
Female Leaders’ Stories Inspire
Honoring Educators
Reaching Out to Foster Youth
Understanding Plant Diversity and Impacts of Climate Change
Oral History Center Honors Former Sheriffs, Political Leader
Social Media
Calendar
Explore
Strategic Plan
Developed collaboratively by the Titan community, a thoughtful yet ambitious strategic plan continues to guide our university confidently into the future.
Titans Reach Higher
As Titans, we have much to celebrate! Our reputation as a top national university, our immersive learning experiences that enrich our students, and the trusted results we deliver for our graduates and our state shine as examples of how Titans Reach Higher.
Irvine Center
Offering South County an array of academic opportunities with the resources of a large university in a more personal learning environment, featuring state-of-the-art classroom technology, a low student-to-faculty ratio and smaller class sizes.
Titan Athletics
The Cal State Fullerton Titans participate in the NCAA Division I Big West Conference and have 13 national championships in eight different sports. 
Pollak Library
The Pollak Library provides extensive services and assistance to the CSUF community, as well as to visiting students and scholars, and to the public. The library is nationally recognized for innovative spaces, collections, services, tools, and its programs.
Fullerton Arboretum
The Fullerton Arboretum is a 26-acre preserve on the northeast corner of campus that is home to the Orange County Agricultural and Nikkei Heritage Museum and Heritage House, an 1894 house-turned-museum. Classes and special events are offered throughout the year.
Cal State Fullerton has built a 20-year history of instituting efficient, sustainable and green practices that save money and better the campus community. Examples range from lighting upgrades to green building construction and installation of solar panels.
Grand Central Art Center
Grand Central Art Center is dedicated to the open exploration of contemporary art and visual culture: locally, regionally, nationally, and internationally through socially engaged collaborations among artists, students, and the community.
Tucker Wildlife
Tucker Wildlife Sanctuary is a non-profit nature preserve in Modjeska Canyon, on the outskirts of Orange County. One of the few rural nature centers in the region, it provides a richness of habitat types that supports abundant and diverse wildlife.
The College of the Arts is a major cultural resource for both the University and the larger community. The College is home to more than 2,400 graduate and undergraduate students in the School of Music and the departments of Art and Theatre & Dance.
Contacts and Addresses
   |   General: 657-278-2011    |   Emergency Closure Info: 657-278-1712
Tell us about a 
web accessibility problem
.     |   © California State University, Fullerton. All Rights Reserved.
Additional Resources
Emergency Information
University Police
CSUF Accessibility
   |   
Feedback Form
Download Adobe Acrobat Reader
Acrobat Reader
   |   
Microsoft Viewer
Privacy Policy
Annual Security Report (Clery)
California Campus Safety Plan
Title IX
Site Index
Campus Map
 
This page uses javascript.  You do not have javascript enabled, some functions will be disabled.