Super STEM Saturday at CSUSM
Super STEM Saturday
Campus Map
Contact Us
Skip to Main Content
Super STEM Saturday
Campus Map
 
 
Contact Us
 
 
 
SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 2019
Sponsored By Viasat
10am - 4pm | California State University San Marcos
More Information
Youtube video failed to load - Update your browser
Discover STEM
Join us rain or shine on the Cal State San Marcos campus on March 9 from 10am-4pm, rain or shine, for this annual event, sponsored by Viasat.
Explore interactive demonstrations and hands-on science activities at Super STEM Saturday, including rocket launches, build-a-robot stations, model displays, scientist chats and a obstacle course. The event is free and open to the public. Complimentary parking available in Lots E, F, and H.
Super STEM Saturday is designed to expose and engage kids of all ages and their families to the diverse and exciting fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics, known as the STEM disciplines. The brainchild of The Classical Academies and held in partnership with CSUSM, Super STEM Saturday has grown into a popular North County event that draws over 10,000 science enthusiasts each year to the university campus.
Campus Map
 
2018 Photo Album
 
2018 Recap Video
Atomic Sponsors
Gravity Sponsors
Momentum Sponsors
Photon Sponsors
Baker Solar Electric
Calsense
General Atomics
Hewlett Packard
Legoland
Medtronic
Royal Bank of Canada
Fun things to do
Hands On Fun
Learn about binary code, a language that lets you translate numbers, words, images, sounds, and just about anything else you can think of into a simple string of 0s and 1s with Viasat
Experience what it takes to be in the Air Force Special Operations through mental and physical challenges.
Meet marine biologists and explore tiny microorganisms, interact with plankton, and race a sea slug!
Visit a US Nuclear Submarine or experience life in the Navy through virtual reality demonstrations.
View the surface of the sun through special filtered solar telescopes.
Learn about conservation with the San Diego Zoo.
Spend time learning how to identify animals in your neighborhood with tracks and scat.
Build and launch your own rocket.
Step into the shoes of a doctor, nurse, or EMT and learn how to take your vital signs.
Live Demonstrations
Watch the "Better than Magic Show" with Chemistry demonstrations by CSUSM students
and faculty at 10:30AM, 1PM and 3PM in ARTS 240.
Discover the power of static electricity in the hair-raising fun of "Electrify Me!"
Watch the "The Amazing World of Physics Show" at 12PM and 2PM in ARTS 102.
Visit with the Society of Physics Students and watch rocket launches every 20 minutes.
Learn how lighting impacts make-up and costuming in a theater production.  10-minute
demonstrations will take place throughout the day.
Visit with a CARDA dog and see how they are trained for search and rescue operations.
Rubik's Cube Competition: See Rubik's athletes complete the cube… some in under a
minute! (This event is only open to registered teams)
Food Options
Purchase lunch or snacks from local food trucks at the event, including Yo Yo Bento, Devil Dogs BBQ, or Street Chef California.
Cool off with some shaved ice from Kona Ice.
Grab a coffee from Starbuck’s Coffee on Kellogg Plaza or a snack from The Market in the University Student Union.
Guests can also bring their own lunch to campus.
Girl Scouts
Are you a Girl Scout looking to complete requirements for your STEM-related Try-It,
Badge or Journey? Visit the information booth on Kellogg Plaza for suggested activities
to do at the festival that fulfill badge requirements.  Complete your requirements
and earn a fun patch for the day!  Boy Scouts can fullfill requirements for the Chemistry
Merit Badge and Super Science (Bear Elective Adventure) badge.  No registration required!
Show up with your troop/pack or on your own to complete the activities. 
Science Badge information will be available soon!
Electronic Waste Recycling
The University, the surrounding community and local businesses are invited to dispose of old or unwanted electronics in an environmentally responsible manner. All you need to do is pull up in your car or truck and we’ll do the rest!
March 9, 2018 10:00 AM - 1:00 PM in Parking Lot B
What types of electronic waste are accepted?
Computer Monitors-Computer Speakers-CRT Monitors- Telephones- Stereo Equipment- LCD Monitors- Cell Phones- Keyboards/Mice Laptops-  Copiers/Printers- Scanners- Televisions- Fax Machine- Miscellaneous Wiring- Plasma Screens/TVs-MP3 Players- Items with Electronic Boards- DVD Players- VCRs and Much More!
We Do Not Accept:
 Household/Commercial Appliances or Hazardous Materials/ Waste All personal data is erased or destroyed for your protection.  
Contact Us
Get Whova Now
Laurie Schmelzer
Director of Student Services & Planning
College of Science and Mathematics, California State University San Marcos
Email superstem@csusm.edu
Edit this page
Contact Us
Web Privacy
 