HSU Brand
Skip to main content
A-Z Index
Directories
Academic Departments
Staff & Faculty
Campus Info
Calendars & Events
HSU Brand
Facility Rental
Tools
Account Settings
Reset HSU Password
Course Info
Class Schedule
Course Rotations
Student Services
Associated Students
Financial Aid
Tuition & Fee Payment
Through Student Center
Electronic Payments
Student Financial Services
          
Humboldt State University
HSU Brand
Toggle navigation
Menu
Brand Story
Toggle submenu for Brand Story
Brand Platform
Foundation
Why Brand Matters
Visual Identity
Toggle submenu for Visual Identity
Overview & Graphics
Brand & Sub-Brands
Standards & Guides
Toggle submenu for Standards & Guides
Overview
Wordmarks and Logo
Web Guide
Editorial Style Guide
Social Media Guide
Events Calendar Help
Tools & Downloads
Toggle submenu for Tools & Downloads
Wordmarks
Templates
Wallpapers
Other
Support
Trademark & Licensing
Send Feedback
 
HSU’S BRAND
Our brand is a big idea, not just graphics and colors. It represents what we do and what sets us apart – how we prepare socially and environmentally responsible leaders to make a positive difference.
Brand Platform
Communicating the HSU brand begins with understanding the basics. The brand platform includes core messages and our essential brand promise.
Read More
Brand Personality
Often, how you say it is as important as what you say. Your tone and style matter. The same is true when communicating the Humboldt State brand.
Read More
Downloads & Tools
This is a growing collection of material you can use when you communicate on behalf of HSU.
Read More
Why Brand Matters
A brand is an organization’s big idea or core promise. It represents the distinctive characteristics that resonate with an organization’s most important audiences. A compelling brand, applied consistently, helps create lasting connections and builds both trust and value.
Brand communications is utilizing
 communications and marketing to reinforce the brand essence to important audiences. It includes communications created especially to reinforce brand messages. It also includes integrating the brand within other types of communications (such as recruitment brochures, event posters, speeches, etc.)
Building the strength of the HSU brand, and communicating about the brand, is a shared responsibility across campus.
More About Brand
Using this Guide
These guidelines are meant to help you create communications materials that reflect Humboldt State University's brand. Consistent use of the brand over time will help the University and its units build trust and value.
However, these guidelines should not be viewed as a manual on communications and marketing. Using them will not, on its own, make your communications or marketing efforts successful.
While there are clear rules contained in this guide, much is open to interpretation. Key messages, for example, might need to be explained differently for different audiences. What is most important is conveying the idea and spirit of the brand.
 
 
Humboldt State University
Humboldt State University
HSU Brand
1 Harpst St
Arcata, CA, 95521
Phone: 707-826-3321
                      
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Youtube
                      
 